Joey Joey Ross Joey is not here okay
I'll just wait for him in here
Ross it's okay you can come out yeah
Ross it's okay it's me mr. Stevens oh I
didn't know my gosh tree did you came in
you got all awkward you ran to the
bedroom you were shouting Joey Joey oh
hi
what what what the outter how did what
the how did what well you know he lost
his keys so he was looking for them in
your mouth no downstairs and we got to
talking you know for like two hours and
I really liked him so I invited him up
here for a cup of coffee you were at the
coffee house Ross what's the big deal so
I kissed the guy he is my girlfriend's
father okay it's it's it's weird what
you dated my sister what that was
different
what why this is weird for me Ross look
look this is good for you okay let's
face it so far the guys not loving yet
but I can turn that around I got the
inside track you can all go out to
dinner you know and I can talk you up
plus the guy is a very very successful
lawyer how is that important oh it's
important
so it seemed that my prom date and stood
me up so Ross selflessly offered to take
me what a nice story Oh
so Ross was in college and decided to
jump at the chance to take a young girl
to her high school prom Wow I definitely
did not see that one backfiring how many
grow the bathroom yeah take your time
okay just so you know I was a freshman
and she was a senior so wasn't it as bad
as look I know I've been giving you a
lot of jabs and it's partly because I'm
very protective of Lizzy and probably
because well they just keep coming to me
I have to admit that after all the
wonderful things Lizzy has told me and
the many many many stories that rachel
has told me that well you're not all bad
not all bad and you know I'm sorry I was
so harsh before but you have to
understand I still look at Lizzy like
she's a 12 year old girl yeah you know
what I know what you mean I do that too
I beg your pardon no no I'm not I don't
mean I see her as a 12 year old girl I
mean I have a son who's um six and I
still think of him as a baby you're the
son yeah well my ex-wife and I share
custody of Ben and um and just you know
Carol and I are on excellent terms as
I'm sure you are with your life is it so
I'm sorry
it's unbelievable don't worry about I
just didn't realize you were married oh
we were but that was just
I mean that was just a big drunken
mistake you're back you two were married
Oh whoops I'm sorry you're talking about
Emily's